README.rst, before:

kotti_backend
*************

This plugin turns Kotti CMS into a private content administration area.
Basically ``kotti_backend`` let you achieve the same goals described here (`Kotti CMS intranet`_).

What ``kotti_backend`` does:

1. define and load a new ``private_workflow``. If you are installing kotti_backend on
   an existing Kotti installation you'll need to call ``kotti-reset-workflow yourinifile.ini --purge-existing``
   (be extremely **careful** because all your published contents will be converted to the
   private state)

2. apply the above workflow to ``File`` and ``Image`` (they are workflowless by default)

3. set a default fallback permission to all views

4. override the default populator with a custom ACL (no allow view for everyone)


|build status|_

`Find out more about Kotti`_

Development happens at https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend

.. |build status| image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/Kotti/kotti_backend.png?branch=master
.. _build status: http://travis-ci.org/Kotti/kotti_backend
.. _Find out more about Kotti: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Kotti
.. _Kotti CMS intranet: http://davidemoro.blogspot.it/2015/02/kotti-cms-intranet.html

Setup
=====

To enable the extension in your Kotti site, activate the configurator::

    kotti.configurators =
        kotti_backend.kotti_configure

    kotti.use_workflow = kotti_backend:workflows/private_workflow.zcml

If you are going to install ``kotti_backend`` on an already existing site you'll need to reset the
workflow: read the docs and backup first. See `Kotti security`_

.. _Kotti security: http://kotti.readthedocs.org/en/latest/developing/basic/security.html

Development
===========

Contributions to kotti_backend are highly welcome.
Just clone its `Github repository`_ and submit your contributions as pull requests.

.. _tracker: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend/issues
.. _Github repository: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend

Commit message:

introduce optional goto frontend link (optional, useful if you use kotti_frontend)

README.rst, after:

kotti_backend
*************

This plugin turns Kotti CMS into a private content administration area.
Basically ``kotti_backend`` let you achieve the same goals described here (`Kotti CMS intranet`_).

What ``kotti_backend`` does:

1. define and load a new ``private_workflow``. If you are installing kotti_backend on
   an existing Kotti installation you'll need to call ``kotti-reset-workflow yourinifile.ini --purge-existing``
   (be extremely **careful** because all your published contents will be converted to the
   private state)

2. apply the above workflow to ``File`` and ``Image`` (they are workflowless by default)

3. set a default fallback permission to all views

4. override the default populator with a custom ACL (no allow view for everyone)


|build status|_

`Find out more about Kotti`_

Development happens at https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend

.. |build status| image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/Kotti/kotti_backend.png?branch=master
.. _build status: http://travis-ci.org/Kotti/kotti_backend
.. _Find out more about Kotti: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Kotti
.. _Kotti CMS intranet: http://davidemoro.blogspot.it/2015/02/kotti-cms-intranet.html

Setup
=====

To enable the extension in your Kotti site, activate the configurator::

    kotti.configurators =
        kotti_backend.kotti_configure

    kotti.use_workflow = kotti_backend:workflows/private_workflow.zcml

If you are going to install ``kotti_backend`` on an already existing site you'll need to reset the
workflow: read the docs and backup first. See `Kotti security`_

If you are going to use ``kotti_backend`` with `kotti_frontend`_ (public website decoupled from the private
content administration area), you can add the following additional options::

    kotti_backend.goto_frontend = 1
    kotti_backend.not_publishable_types = TYPENAME

where:

* ``kotti_backend.goto_frontend`` adds another link menu that let you switch to the public website

* ``kotti_backend.not_publishable_types`` alters the default "goto frontend" link pointing to the first
  publishable parent. This is useful if you are using not directly publishable contents like portles or
  action links you don't want expose on the frontend. See `kotti_boxes`_ or  `kotti_actions`_.

.. _Kotti security: http://kotti.readthedocs.org/en/latest/developing/basic/security.html
.. _kotti_frontend: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_frontend
.. _kotti_boxes: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_boxes
.. _kotti_actions: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_actions

Development
===========

Contributions to kotti_backend are highly welcome.
Just clone its `Github repository`_ and submit your contributions as pull requests.

.. _tracker: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend/issues
.. _Github repository: https://github.com/Kotti/kotti_backend
